this is the best holiday ever two weeks
of Sun safe sex booze sex Minj Fanny and
taste booze and sex
this time a lot of pictures first stop
the Minoan Palace at Knossos we haven't
come halfway around the world to look at
some boring great ruins yeah you
see that anywhere while you two
decide who gets first go on each other's
oh I'm getting ready and getting
out there the guys are gonna itself
you know charming hitei here we go we've
been spotted
Cena look Oh yo just walk ups we'll go
in a club and introduce yourself you
balance over near them then get to dance
with you really stink we'll meet you be
fine I have never put my penis in a lady
you're a virgin that's cool if anything
it's Amos Lee uncle well it's cute then
that's even worse all right Simon
you want to use help me I think she
might be a two-man job no no you I'll
take that as a compliment to the
[Music]
holiday you can't be too drunk
Oh Jane slept in attendance next paid
players yeah unlike at home we might ask
you to people players I'll a sex to me
this is a joke right
[Music]
I've lost my glasses I'm really sorry I
tripped I've lost my glasses